fix(audit): timestamp field to first in log (#31437)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/31437.txt

> ```release-note:bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```release-note:improvement
```
Is it better to say it is an improvement?

Author: I am actually wondering how other customers and even enterprise customers are not affected before by this audit log change?
Most of customers should have been using default settings in log parsers, this change was probably introduced in 1.16.x for audit logging refactor.

> audit: Log entry has time as first field. Useful for log parsers, forwarders for accurate timestamps of events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
audit: Log entry fields are reorganized so time is the first field, which is useful for log parsers and forwarders for accurate timestamps of events.
```
